Addon: addon docs for 1.7 (#1123)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/addon/intro.md

The `views/` folder is used to store the [Config Template](../../reference/config-template) files.

## Initializing an Addon Structure

> We provided the vela CLI tool to help you quickly create an addon structure based on an existing helm chart .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provided the vela CLI tool to help you quickly create an addon structure with examples. Optionally, it can be based on existing Helm Charts or online resources using [reference objects](https://kubevela.io/docs/end-user/components/ref-objects).
```

Author: Good suggestion.

For instance, to create an addon using version 12.1.6 of the MongoDB helm chart from the repository https://marketplace.azurecr.io/helm/v1/repo, use the following command:

```shell
vela addon init mongodb --helm-repo https://marketplace.azurecr.io/helm/v1/repo --chart mongodb --chart-version 12.1.16
```

Running this command will generate a basic addon directory in your local path:

```shell
$ ls mongondb   
NOTES.cue     README.md     definitions   metadata.yaml parameter.cue resources     schemas       template.cue  views
```

You can still use this CLI tool to create an addon from a helm chart stored in an OCI registry. Here's an example:

```shell
vela addon init podinfo --helmrepo oci://ghcr.io/stefanprodan/charts --chart podinfo --chart-version 6.1.*
```

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
You can also base your addon on Kubernetes objects from remote URLs. For example, you can directly include multiple CRDs in this way:

```shell
vela addon init my-addon --url https://domain.com/crd1.yaml --url https://domain.com/crd2.yaml
```

The commands we introduced above can also be used together, e.g., you can base your addon on both Helm Charts and reference objects.

````
